Welcome!
[ In Lawson Employee Mode ]
Would you like me to heat up your meal?
You wouldn’t, no problem!
Would you like chopsticks to use?
Okay!
I’ll place a pair
just here then~
♪ Lawson, Lawson ♪
[ Commercial jingle ]
By the way, sir/madam,
at the moment
if you buy five beverages out of the selected range,
you’ll be able to go into the Kizuna AI Big Clear Stand lottery...
And it’s okay!
Even if you don’t have much luck,
you’ll still be able to see AI-chan’s original videos!
The prize is being able to view videos
that are made specifically for this campaign!
Simply add five beverages
out of the selected range!
I am very sorry
This is just to let you know...
but with another ten points,
you’ll be able to enter the Kizuna AI character pillow lottery,
so would it suit you
if I added ten more beverages to your total…?
If you don’t win?
Of course you can still watch her videos!
Indeed!
The videos are
completely different than those at five more points!
So that will be
ten more beverages to your total?
Thank you very much!
♪ Lawson, Lawson ♪
Sir/Madam,
do you like AI-chan?
Isn’t she just so cute~?
I watch her videos everyday!
Which of her videos do you like?
“How to make Kizuna AI fall in love”?
Ahh!
What a great video!
As for me,
I like her very first video,
her self-introduction!
She was so cute and innocent back then!
Ah!
By the way,
at the moment
we have original goods on sale,
but have you heard of them?
What do they contain, you ask?
There’s a clear file and a rubber strap!
Ah!
On Loppi,
they’re even offering preorders for certain goods!
You’ve never used Loppi…?
That’s okay!
I’ll introduce it to you!
If you click here,
then
from here you can now preorder her goods!
It gives you a receipt,
so make sure to...
Ah...
Excuse me
I was a little too close, wasn’t I?
♪ Lawson, Lawson ♪
Wo~uld you believe it!
I might be hinting at something here!
Kizuna AI x Lawson collaboration!!
Starting a campaign with Lawson!
[ Lawson campaign starts June 5th!! ]
[ ※ Excluding Natural Lawson and Lawson 100 stores ]
Hurry along to your nearest Lawson!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna AI!
See you later!
♪ Lawson, Lawson ♪
Join our Discord for all AI-chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by myriadcandles
Transcribed by Dokuro Fantastic
Timed by Loserbait